I'll call you back with one
new comments back and there today
it's the top five better place again
and in fifth place we have the same here
the optician shows what he is doing
Kemper makes seven pieces here
this roof is really a
Bit crass and the only thing you can
should do with it then is the
with a circle I think it's all right
great clip thanks for that and we do
continue with place four
and here we have the andreas he
really pretty, he played
here the apg shoots here on the
scout eli caught the one but you
sees only shoot the pilot out like that
I have never really seen anything
really blatant but the best
could because there is the second
scout eli and zack he still has
really well done two helis in that way
short time and above all things the
one is still heal he takes then
Just like that, I would too
make room of the real class
four
thanks again and we will continue
third place
and here we have the christie chris
with a really pretty cool one
I've never had tactics in the game like this
seen he goes on the
passenger seat catches the jet with the
Of course he does not smog and that's not what he does
only once no, that will come now
once again
because the tactics seems really good
he has that too now
So you can do that again
go on a little bit further
Here comes the next scout elia
unfortunately a bit unfavorable here
hit flies on the side but no
he hits the loose really well
and I'll tell you a little bit about
Chris, we'll see something like that soon
For a long time we continue with second place
and here we have the wupsi jaja the
really a blatant sniper shot
I lie here my first opponent
I would have hit that too
I just say once, however, the
second one is really far away and
i do not say that much yet but it is
really very well done
he sees the transport here
Of course helicopter shoots on it
and really gets the pilot
unbelievably blatant as I said
I can never and from the one very
deserved second place
and we already have the first place
again the Kristic chris I told you so
just hinted and what he tears
here I can hardly believe it
a rendezvous and what a really
he does it incredibly well
of course also back to the job
enter
really the best I ever have
So I really got it
Respect for you, you have 2 super here
clip zangl delivered I hope I
see you again in the next one
from that
Thank you for that, of course, thank you
all others who participated
your links are of course in the
descriptions so the people look
sometimes they do it themselves
You are welcome to visit videos
I have linked all and otherwise
Of course you can also use your clips
a rich by her form in the
The description is very important
this is loading your clips only
google drive up i have it unfortunately
even in the last time it experienced that
was just somewhere else uploaded
sadly, I can not do that
only consider who the form
Filling in correctly will also
otherwise, as I said, I take into consideration
I hope the whole thing failed one
Of course rating would be great and that
it was now my name is more quest
and I'm out now